fix!: do not uninstall helm chart after failed install or upgrade (#2456)
defenseunicorns/zarf: site/src/content/docs/ref/deploy.mdx

Should matching releases exist, a `helm upgrade` is performed.

### Handling CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs)

   - CRDs are _included_ during `helm install` to support Kubernetes Operator deployments
   - CRDs are _excluded_ during `helm upgrade` due to [Helm's lack of support for upgrading CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations)

### Waiting for Resource Readiness

By default, Zarf waits for all resources to deploy successfully during install, upgrade, and rollback operations.

You can override this behavior during install and upgrade by setting the `noWait: true` key under the `charts` and `manifests` fields.

### Timeout Settings

The default timeout for Helm operations in Zarf is 15 minutes.

Use the `--timeout` flag with `zarf init` and `zarf package deploy` to modify the timeout duration.

### Retry Policy

Zarf retries install and upgrade operations up to three times by default if an error occurs.

Use the `--retries` flag with `zarf init` and `zarf package deploy` to change the number of retry attempts.

### Rollback Process

> If attempts to upgrade a chart fail, Zarf tries to roll the chart back to its last successful release.
> 
> Key features of Zarf's `helm rollback` include:
> 
>    - Deleting newly created resources if a rollback fails (`helm rollback --cleanup-on-fail`)
>    - Forcing updates by deleting and recreating resources as necessary (`helm rollback --force`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If attempts to upgrade a chart fail, Zarf tries to roll the chart back to its last successful release. During this rollback process:

  - Any resources created during the failed upgrade attempt are deleted (`helm rollback --cleanup-on-fail`)
  - Resource updates are forced through delete and recreate if needed (`helm rollback --force`)
```

This reads a bit to me like Zarf has an included helm rollback feature, rather than it being an internal mechanism. What do you think of this suggestion?

Author: I can see how that can be confusing. Sounds good to me
